CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of April 1, 2026, among Ironvale Manufacturing Co., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Stonebridge Bank, as Administrative Agent.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ..... 1
SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms ..... 1
ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS ..... 62
SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness ..... 62
SECTION 7.02 Liens ..... 66
SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments ..... 70

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Available Amount" means, as of any date, an amount equal to (a) $15,000,000 plus (b) 50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period from the Closing Date to the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter, minus (c) the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made in reliance on Section 7.06(c) prior to such date.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money.

"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution on account of any equity interest of the Borrower.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding, provided that:

(i) no Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(ii) such Indebtedness is unsecured, except that:

(A) purchase money Indebtedness may be secured by the property so acquired; and

(B) Indebtedness of a Subsidiary may be secured by the assets of such Subsidiary; and

(c) Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $40,000,000 at any time outstanding incurred to finance acquisitions;

provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness incurred under clauses (b) and (c) above shall not exceed $75,000,000 at any time outstanding.

SECTION 7.02 Liens . The Borrower shall not create any Lien on any property, except:

(a) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(b)(ii)(A);

(b) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(c); and

(c) Liens for taxes not yet due.

SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not make any Restricted Payment, except:

(a) Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(b) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 in any fiscal year; and

(c) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount, provided that no Default has occurred and is continuing.
