CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of November 2, 2026, among Ridgeline Packaging Corp., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Clearwater National Bank, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Available Amount" means, as of any date, an amount equal to the sum of $25,000,000 plus the Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow as of such date, minus the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made under Section 7.06(c), Investments made under Section 7.08(d) and prepayments of Junior Indebtedness made under Section 7.09(b), in each case prior to such date; provided that the Available Amount shall be zero at any time a Default has occurred and is continuing.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow" means, as of any date, 50% of the aggregate Excess Cash Flow for each fiscal year ended after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date.

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Excess Cash Flow" means, for any fiscal year, Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year minus capital expenditures and scheduled principal payments of Indebtedness made during such fiscal year.

"Investment" means any advance, loan or capital contribution to, or purchase of equity interests of, any other Person.

"Junior Indebtedness" means any Indebtedness of the Borrower that is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations.

"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution on account of any equity interest of the Borrower.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not make any Restricted Payment, except:

(a) Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(b) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $8,000,000 in any fiscal year; and

(c) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount.

SECTION 7.08 Investments . The Borrower shall not make any Investment, except:

(a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents;

(b) Investments by the Borrower in any Subsidiary;

(c) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $4,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(d) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount.

SECTION 7.09 Prepayments of Junior Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not prepay, redeem or repurchase any Junior Indebtedness, except:

(a) prepayments made with the net cash proceeds of an issuance of equity interests of the Borrower; and

(b) prepayments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount.
