INDENTURE dated as of February 10, 2026, among Northfield Components Corp., as Issuer, the Guarantors party hereto and Granite Trust Company, as Trustee, governing the 7.250% Senior Notes due 2031.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Definitions . As used in this Indenture, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus Interest Expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization expense for such period, excluding any non-cash stock compensation expense.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means, for any period, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA for such period to Interest Expense for such period.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, all obligations evidenced by bonds, notes or debentures and all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person.

"Interest Expense" means, for any period, total interest expense of the Issuer and its Restricted Subsidiaries for such period.

"Restricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer that is not an Unrestricted Subsidiary.

"Unrestricted Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary of the Issuer designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary by the board of directors of the Issuer.

ARTICLE IV COVENANTS

SECTION 4.09 Limitation on Indebtedness . The Issuer shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, incur any Indebtedness; provided that the Issuer may incur Indebtedness if the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio for the most recently ended four full fiscal quarters would have been at least 2.00 to 1.00 determined on a pro forma basis.

The foregoing shall not prohibit the incurrence of the following Indebtedness:

(a) Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $150,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(b) Indebtedness represented by the Notes issued on the Issue Date; and

(c) Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding.

SECTION 4.10 Limitation on Restricted Payments . The Issuer shall not declare or pay any dividend on its Capital Stock unless no Default has occurred and is continuing.
