CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of May 5, 2026, among Pinecrest Medical Supply, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Cedar Hollow Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Cash Equivalents" means marketable direct obligations issued by the United States of America maturing within one year.

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Disposition" means any sale, transfer, lease or other disposition of any property.

"Net Cash Proceeds" means, with respect to any Disposition, the cash proceeds received by the Borrower net of reasonable costs of sale and taxes paid.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE II THE CREDITS

SECTION 2.05 Prepayments . (a) The Borrower may prepay the Loans at any time. (b) The Borrower shall prepay the Loans in an amount equal to 100% of the Net Cash Proceeds of any Disposition made pursuant to Section 7.05(k) within five Business Days of receipt thereof.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.05 Dispositions . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, make any Disposition, except:

(a) Dispositions of obsolete or worn out property in the ordinary course of business;

(b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business;

(c) Dispositions of cash and Cash Equivalents;

(d) Dispositions of property to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(e) leases or subleases of real property in the ordinary course of business;

(f) Dispositions of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof;

(g) licenses of intellectual property in the ordinary course of business;

(h) Dispositions of damaged or condemned property;

(i) Dispositions of equity interests of any Subsidiary to the Borrower;

(j) Dispositions of property having a fair market value not to exceed $10,000,000 in any fiscal year;

(k) any other Disposition, provided that (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) at least 75% of the consideration received is in the form of cash or Cash Equivalents, and (iii) the Net Cash Proceeds thereof are applied in accordance with Section 2.05(b); and

(l) Dispositions constituting a Specified Strategic Transaction;

provided further that the foregoing shall not permit any Disposition of the Borrower's principal manufacturing facility.
