CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of October 1, 2026, among Lakeshore Beverage Holdings, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Northbank Trust, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Available Amount" means, as of any date, an amount equal to the sum of $20,000,000 plus the Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow as of such date, minus the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments made under Section 7.06(c) and Investments made under Section 7.08(d) prior to such date; provided that the Available Amount shall be zero at any time a Default has occurred and is continuing.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Cumulative Retained Excess Cash Flow" means, as of any date, 50% of the aggregate Excess Cash Flow for each fiscal year ended after the Closing Date and on or prior to such date.

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Excess Cash Flow" means, for any fiscal year, Consolidated Net Income for such fiscal year minus capital expenditures and scheduled principal payments of Indebtedness made during such fiscal year.

"Investment" means any advance, loan or capital contribution to, or purchase of equity interests of, any other Person.

"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution on account of any equity interest of the Borrower.

"Total Leverage Ratio" means, as of any date, the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not make any Restricted Payment, except:

(a) Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Subsidiary;

(b) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $10,000,000 in any fiscal year; and

(c) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount, provided that the Total Leverage Ratio, determined on a pro forma basis, does not exceed 3.00 to 1.00.

SECTION 7.08 Investments . The Borrower shall not make any Investment, except:

(a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents;

(b) Investments by the Borrower in any Subsidiary;

(c) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(d) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount.
