CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of March 3, 2026, among Harbor Lane Industries, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Meridian Trust Bank, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus, without duplication, Interest Expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization expense for such period.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.

"Consolidated Total Debt" means, as of any date, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries outstanding on such date.

"Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio" means, as of any date, the ratio of Consolidated Total Debt on such date to Consolidated EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters most recently ended on or prior to such date.

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds or debentures.

"Interest Expense" means, for any period, total interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period.

"Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Notes and the Security Documents.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

SECTION 1.02 Terms Generally . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $30,000,000 at any time outstanding; provided that no Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of incurrence; and

(c) Indebtedness of the Borrower, so long as on the date of incurrence, after giving pro forma effect thereto, the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio does not exceed 3.50 to 1.00.

SECTION 7.02 Liens . The Borrower shall not create any Lien on any property, except Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(b).

SECTION 7.03 Fundamental Changes . The Borrower shall not merge or consolidate with any other Person.
