CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of August 20, 2026, among Granite Peak Fabrication, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Silverline Bank, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Foreign Subsidiary" means any Subsidiary that is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States of America.

"Guarantor" means each Subsidiary that has executed the Guarantee.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money.

"Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Notes and the Security Documents.

"Permitted Liens" means the Liens permitted by Section 7.02.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) other Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Guarantors in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(c) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $15,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(d) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower by any Subsidiary.

SECTION 7.02 Liens . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Subsidiary to, create any Lien on any property, except:

(a) Liens securing the Obligations;

(b) Liens securing Indebtedness permitted under Section 7.01(b) in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $20,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(c) Liens for taxes not yet due.

SECTION 7.04 Guarantees . The Borrower shall not permit any Subsidiary that is not a Guarantor to guarantee any Indebtedness of the Borrower.

ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 9.15 Secured Indebtedness . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Article VII, the Borrower shall not permit the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries that is secured by a Lien to exceed $25,000,000 at any time outstanding.
