CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of June 12, 2026, among Summit Ridge Foods LLC, as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Harborview Bank, as Administrative Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Consolidated EBITDA" means, for any period, Consolidated Net Income for such period plus Interest Expense, income tax expense and depreciation and amortization expense for such period.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money.

"Interest Expense" means, for any period, total interest expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period.

"Investment" means any advance, loan or capital contribution to, or purchase of equity interests of, any other Person.

"Restricted Payment" means any dividend or other distribution on account of any equity interest of the Borrower.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $50,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(c) Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 20% of Consolidated EBITDA for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters;

(d) Indebtedness owed to the Borrower by any Subsidiary;

(e) Indebtedness in respect of capital leases in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5,000,000 at any time outstanding;

(f) Indebtedness of Foreign Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed EUR 10,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(g) Indebtedness that the Borrower elects, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, to reclassify from clause (b) to this clause (g), in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $10,000,000.

SECTION 7.06 Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not make any Restricted Payment, except:

(b) Restricted Payments in an aggregate amount, together with Investments made pursuant to Section 7.08(c), not to exceed $20,000,000.

SECTION 7.08 Investments . The Borrower shall not make any Investment, except:

(c) Investments in an aggregate amount, together with Restricted Payments made pursuant to Section 7.06(b), not to exceed $20,000,000.
