CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of July 7, 2026, among Bluewater Marine Group, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Coastal Federal Bank, as Administrative Agent.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Lenders extend credit; and WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms set forth herein. For convenience of reference only and without operative effect, the parties note that the Borrower will not incur Indebtedness in excess of $100,000,000.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Default" means any event that is, or with notice or lapse of time or both would be, an Event of Default.

"Indebtedness" means, as to any Person, all obligations of such Person for borrowed money.

"Investment" means any advance, loan or capital contribution to, or purchase of equity interests of, any other Person.

"Loan Documents" means this Agreement, the Notes and the Security Documents.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not create, incur or assume any Indebtedness, except:

(a) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

(b) other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $20,000,000 at any time outstanding; and

(c) Permitted Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of Indebtedness permitted under clause (b).

SECTION 7.01 Indebtedness . The Borrower shall not create, incur or assume any Indebtedness in excess of $35,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding.

SECTION 7.03 Liens . The Borrower shall not make any Investment, except:

(a) Investments in Subsidiaries in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000;

(b) Investments constituting Cash Equivalents; and

(d) other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $2,500,000 at any time outstanding.

SECTION 7.04 Restricted Payments . The Borrower shall not declare or pay any dividend, except that the Borrower may pay dividends in an aggregate amount not to exceed

[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
