ABL CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of September 9, 2026, among Copperline Energy Services, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders party hereto and Red Mesa Capital Bank, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent.

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS

SECTION 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below:

"Availability" means, as of any date, the Borrowing Base on such date minus the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Loans on such date.

"Available Amount" means, as of any date, an amount equal to $10,000,000 plus 50% of Consolidated Net Income for the period from the Closing Date to the end of the most recently ended fiscal quarter.

"Borrowing Base" means, as of any date, the sum of 85% of Eligible Receivables plus 65% of Eligible Inventory, in each case as of such date.

"Consolidated Net Income" means, for any period, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period determined on a consolidated basis.

"Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio" means, for any period, the ratio of Consolidated EBITDA for such period to Fixed Charges for such period.

"Investment" means any advance, loan or capital contribution to, or purchase of equity interests of, any other Person.

"Lien" means any mortgage, pledge, security interest or other encumbrance of any kind.

"Payment Conditions" means, with respect to any transaction, that (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) Availability after giving effect to such transaction is not less than the greater of (A) $12,500,000 and (B) 12.5% of the Borrowing Base.

"Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity that is controlled by the Borrower.

"Term Loan Agreement" means the Term Loan Credit Agreement dated as of September 9, 2026 among the Borrower, the lenders party thereto and Ridgeway Finance LLC, as administrative agent.

ARTICLE VII NEGATIVE COVENANTS

SECTION 7.02 Liens . The Borrower shall not create any Lien on any property, except:

(a) Liens securing the Obligations;

(b) Liens securing Indebtedness under the Term Loan Agreement, subject to the Intercreditor Agreement;

(c) Liens for taxes not yet due; and

(d) other Liens securing obligations in an aggregate amount not to exceed $7,500,000 at any time outstanding;

provided that no Lien permitted under clause (d) shall attach to any Eligible Receivables or Eligible Inventory.

SECTION 7.03 Investments . The Borrower shall not make any Investment, except:

(a) Investments in Subsidiaries that are Loan Parties;

(b) Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed the Available Amount, provided that the Payment Conditions are satisfied; and

(c) other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed $3,000,000 at any time outstanding:

(i) provided that no Default has occurred and is continuing; and

(ii) provided further that such Investments are made in cash.

SECTION 7.11 Financial Covenant . If Availability is less than the greater of (a) $10,000,000 and (b) 10% of the Borrowing Base at any time, the Borrower shall maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of not less than 1.00 to 1.00 for the most recently ended period of four consecutive fiscal quarters until Availability has exceeded such amount for thirty consecutive days.
